# XiSdkResellers.QuoteDetailsResponse

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**quoteName** | **String** | Quote Name given to quote by sales team or system generated.  Generally used as a reference to identify the quote. | [optional] 
**quoteNumber** | **String** | Unique identifier generated by Ingram Micro&#39;s CRM specific to each quote.  When applying a filter to the quoteNumber and including a partial quote number in the filter, all quotes containing any information included in the filter can be retrieved as a subset of all available customer quotes. | [optional] 
**revision** | **String** | When a quote has been revised and updated, the quote number remains the same throughout the lifecycle of the quote, however, a Revision number is updated for each revision of the quote.  The revision numbers is associated with the Unique Quote Number. | [optional] 
**ingramQuoteDate** | **String** | Date the Quote was initially Created. | [optional] 
**lastModifiedDate** | **String** | Date the Quote was last updated or modified. | [optional] 
**ingramQuoteExpiryDate** | **String** | Quote expiration date. | [optional] 
**currencyCode** | **String** | Three letter currency code. | [optional] 
**specialBidId** | **String** | Price discount identifyer to specify  a pricing discount that has been applied to the quote. If present - the priceDeviationStartDate and priceDeviationExpiryDate must be presented. Cisco refers to this as a Dart | [optional] 
**specialBidEffectiveDate** | **String** | If price discount has been applied to the quote - the starting date the discount begins. | [optional] 
**specialBidExpirationDate** | **String** | If a price discount has been applied to the quote - The date the discount expires and will no longer be applicable. | [optional] 
**status** | **String** | This refers to the primary status of the quote.  API responses will return | [optional] 
**closingReason** | **String** | Closing Reason for quote. | [optional] 
**dateClosed** | **String** |  | [optional] 
**customerNeed** | **String** | Details related to the customer&#39;s request for the quote entered by the sales representative or system generated. | [optional] 
**proposedSolution** | **String** | Ingram Micro proposed solution and summary of quote. | [optional] 
**introPreamble** | **String** | Introductory paragraph included in each quote.  Legally required - must be included when presenting the quote details. | [optional] 
**purchaseInstructions** | **String** | Purchase instructions.  Legally required - must be included when presenting the quote details. | [optional] 
**legalTerms** | **String** | Legal terms -  Legally required - must be included when presenting the quote details. | [optional] 
**quoteType** | **String** |  | [optional] 
**leaseInfo** | **String** | Lease information. | [optional] 
**leasingInstructions** | **String** | Leasing information | [optional] 
**quoteSubType** | **String** |  | [optional] 
**resellerInfo** | [**QuoteDetailsResponseResellerInfo**](QuoteDetailsResponseResellerInfo.md) |  | [optional] 
**endUserInfo** | [**QuoteDetailsResponseEndUserInfo**](QuoteDetailsResponseEndUserInfo.md) |  | [optional] 
**products** | [**[QuoteDetailsResponseProductsInner]**](QuoteDetailsResponseProductsInner.md) |  | [optional] 
**productsCount** | **Number** | Total number of products included in the quote | [optional] 
**extendedMsrpTotal** | **Number** | Total extended MSRP for all products included in the quote | [optional] 
**quantityTotal** | **Number** | Total quantity of all items in the quote. | [optional] 
**extendedQuotePriceTotal** | **Number** | Total amount of quoted price for all products in the quote including both solution products and suggested products. | [optional] 
**additionalAttributes** | [**[QuoteDetailsResponseAdditionalAttributesInner]**](QuoteDetailsResponseAdditionalAttributesInner.md) |  | [optional] 


